Desktop wallet: add single signer baker flows (#365)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/desktop-wallet/remove-baker.rst

.. contents::
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2

> If you remove a baker in the desktop wallet, the node that is configured with the baker keys will stop baking after a cool-down period. The cool-down period is 7 days, which corresponds to 168 :ref:`epochs <glossary-epoch>`. During this period, you'll not be able update the stake. After the cool-down period, the amount, which you previously staked, is returned to your disposable balance. When you've removed the baker, we recommend that you also remove the keys from the node. If you want to use the node for baking at a later point in time, you'll then have to create a new set of baker keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you remove a baker in the desktop wallet, the node that is configured with the baker keys will stop baking after a cool-down period. The cool-down period is 7 days, which corresponds to 168 :ref:`epochs <glossary-epoch>`. During this period, you'll not be able update the stake. After the cool-down period, the amount that you previously staked is returned to your disposable balance. When you've removed the baker, it is recommended that you also remove the keys from the node. If you want to use the node for baking at a later point in time, you'll then have to create a new set of baker keys.
```

Remove a baker (Single-signature account)
=========================================

#. Go to **Accounts**, select the account that you no longer want to be a baker account, change the view to the detailed view, and select **Remove baker**.

#. The cool-down period is displayed. Select **Continue**.

> #. There's a message saying **Waiting for device. Please connect your Ledger**. Connect the Ledger to the computer and enter your PIN on Ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. A message says **Waiting for device. Please connect your Ledger**. Connect the Ledger device to the computer and enter your PIN on the Ledger device.
```

#. Press the right button to navigate to the **Concordium** app, and then press both buttons to open the app. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**. Wait for the message in the Desktop Wallet saying **Ledger Nano S is ready** and select **Submit**.

> #. On the Ledger, there's a message saying **Review transaction**. Verify that the sender account is correct, and navigate to the right. The Ledger says **Remove baker from pool**. Navigate to the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On the Ledger device, a message says **Review transaction**. Verify that the sender account is correct, and navigate to the right. The Ledger device says **Remove baker from pool**. Navigate to the right.
```

> #. The Ledger says **Sign transaction**. Press both buttons to sign the transaction. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The Ledger device says **Sign transaction**. Press both buttons to sign the transaction. The Ledger device says **Concordium is ready**.
```
